artist=Count Basie
title=Splanky
album=The Atomic Mr Basie
coverArt=http://mediaserver-cont-usc-mp1-2-v4v6.pandora.com/images/7c/e0/ba/3d/765b4e42bc7929bf0188dc47/1080W_1080H.jpg
stationName=Jazz  Radio
songStationName=
pRet=1
pRetStr=Everything is fine :)
wRet=0
wRetStr=No error
songDuration=0
songPlayed=0
rating=0
detailUrl=http://www.pandora.com/count-basie/atomic-mr-basie/splanky/TR3r65P7mvjhwrc?dc=1777&ad=1:34:1:98104::0:0:0:0:819:039:WA:53033:1:0:0:0:0:1
stationCount=124
station0=2Pac (Tupac) Radio
station1=A Tribe Called Quest Radio
station2=Amon Amarth Radio
station3=Anamanaguchi Radio
station4=Anberlin Radio
station5=Beats Antique Radio
station6=Blackmill Radio
station7=Blockhead Radio
station8=Bon Iver Radio
station9=Boy Robot Radio
station10=Brand New Radio
station11=Caravan Palace Radio
station12=Chance The Rapper Radio
station13=Charles Mingus Radio
station14=Chiptune Radio
station15=Classic Rock Radio
station16=Classical Solo Piano Radio
station17=Coheed & Cambria Radio
station18=Daft Punk Radio
station19=Danger Mouse & Jemini Radio
station20=Deep House Radio
station21=DJ Krush Radio
station22=Django Reinhardt Radio
station23=Drum'n'Bass
station24=Dubstep Radio
station25=Edith Piaf Radio
station26=Fleetwood Mac Radio
station27=Foo Fighters Radio
station28=Four Tet Radio
station29=Frankey & Sandrino Radio
station30=French Traditional Radio
station31=Funky Cold Medina Radio
station32=Ghost B.C. Radio
station33=Girl Talk Radio
station34=Gordon Lightfoot Radio
station35=H.U.V.A. Network Radio
station36=Hiromi Radio
station37=Hol Baumann Radio
station38=Huoratron Radio
station39=Hurts So Good Radio
station40=Indian Classical Radio
station41=Infected Mushroom Radio
station42=Iron & Wine Radio
station43=Jack Johnson Radio
station44=Jazz  Radio
station45=Jeremy Soule Radio
station46=Johann Sebastian Bach Radio
station47=John Coltrane Radio
station48=Karunesh Radio
station49=Kendrick Lamar Radio
station50=Koji Kondo Radio
station51=LCD Soundsystem Radio
station52=Lena Raine Radio
station53=Lindsey Stirling Radio
station54=Madeleine Peyroux Radio
station55=Mariya Takeuchi Radio
station56=Mattafix Radio
station57=Meditation Radio
station58=Melody Gardot Radio
station59=Menomena Radio
station60=Mest Radio
station61=MF Doom Radio
station62=MGMT Radio
station63=Mood Indigo Radio
station64=Mos Def Radio
station65=Mumford & Sons Radio
station66=N'to Radio
station67=Nicki Minaj Radio
station68=Nightmares On Wax Radio
station69=Nosaj Thing Radio
station70=Nujabes Radio
station71=On the GO!
station72=Opiuo Radio
station73=Pendulum Radio
station74=Penguin Cafe Orchestra Radio
station75=Phutureprimitive Radio
station76=Piano Concerti Radio
station77=Pistolero Radio
station78=Progressive House Radio
station79=Queen Radio
station80=QuickMix
station81=Rhapsody In Blue Radio
station82=RJD2 Radio
station83=Royksopp Radio
station84=Rufio Radio
station85=Salsa Radio
station86=Skazi Radio
station87=Smooth Jazz Radio
station88=Solar Fields Radio
station89=Starscream Radio
station90=Stevie Nicks Radio
station91=Straylight Run Radio
station92=Sugarcult Radio
station93=Synthwave Radio
station94=Take Five Radio
station95=Taking Back Sunday Radio
station96=The Bee Gees Radio
station97=The Chemical Brothers Radio
station98=The Comet Is Coming Radio
station99=The Final Countdown Radio
station100=The Piano Guys Radio
station101=The Quantic Soul Orchestra Radio
station102=The Ramones Radio
station103=The Shanghai Restoration Project Radio
station104=The Xx Radio
station105=Thievery Corporation Radio
station106=Thomas Newman Radio
station107=Thumbprint Radio
station108=Today's Hits Radio
station109=Toto Radio
station110=Trance
station111=Trap Radio
station112=Trentemoller Radio
station113=Tycho Radio
station114=Uttara-Kuru Radio
station115=Vini Vici Radio
station116=Violin Features
station117=Watsky Radio
station118=Wax Tailor Radio
station119=What You Say Radio
station120=Woodkid Radio
station121=Worakls Radio
station122=Wyld (Rap) Radio
station123=Yoshida Brothers Radio